Redesign with Bulma (#27)
QuiltMC/quiltmc.org: src/_about/index.md

---
permalink: /about/
title: About Us
description: Learn about where Quilt came from, how its governance works, and how to get involved in structural changes.
---

Quilt is a mod-loader project - primarily aimed at Minecraft. It was founded by users and contributors from the Fabric 
project, as a last-resort attempt to address the controversies and issues stemming from that project. Because Fabric 
had a solid technological foundation with code that still did many things right, Quilt's founders decided that the 
best option would be to take the standard open source approach to disagreements over management - they forked the 
Fabric project into a new mod-loader project, with the following ideas in mind:

* Allowing contributors to move fast and break things when appropriate, and allowing for experimental work
* Building transparency into official community spaces and policies

> * Creating a community team that understands the importance of Quilt's values, and that fosters inclusivity, diversity 

Reviewer: Perhaps we could link to the code of conduct here?

  and safety through an understanding hands-on moderation approach
* Providing a governance structure that doesn't give anyone too much power, and avoids creating opportunities for 
  staff members to operate without oversight
* Providing ways to keep the community involved with important project decisions

Quilt has grown quickly since its inception, with relatively broad support from the wider community. While some corners
of the community have attempted to push back against its modern progressive values, Quilt continues to grow, attracting
developers and users from all walks of life.

# Governance

Quilt takes an unusual approach to project governance, attempting to avoid giving any one person too much power over
the project as a whole. This isn't a particularly easy task, especially when it comes to managing community spaces
(and platforms like Discord that don't have the concept of group ownership). Quilt attempts to solve this problem by
approaching it in a few specific ways:

> * Electing an Admin Board which exists to oversee the project's direction, manage permissions on GitHub, and break

Reviewer: Perhaps it would be good to clarify that "elect" means from ourselves, not the community at large

> * Electing an Admin Board which exists to oversee the project's direction, manage permissions on GitHub, and break
>   voting ties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Electing an Admin Board which exists to oversee the project's direction, act as a reservoir of trust for the project, and break
  voting ties
```

Author: This makes no sense, IMO. What are you trying to say?

Reviewer 2: It makes sense, but I don't think it fits in
